- How about a ride, mister?
- Jennifer.
Oh, man, are you a sight for sore eyes.
Let me look at you.
Marty, you're acting like
you haven't seen me in a week.
I haven't.
Are you okay? Is everything all right?
Oh, yeah.
Everything's great.
(EXPLOSIVE CRASHING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Marty! You've got to come back with me!
- Where?
- Back to the future.
- Wait a minute. What are you doing, Doc?
- I need fuel.
Go ahead. Quick! Get in the car.
No, no, no. Look, Doc, I just got here, okay?
Jennifer's here.
We're gonna take the new truck for a spin.
Well, bring her along.
This concerns her, too.
Wait a minute, Doc.
What are you talking about?
What happens to us in the future?
What, do we become assholes
or something?
No, no, no.
You and Jennifer both turn out fine.
It's your kids, Marty.
Something's gotta be done about your kids.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Hey, Doc, we better back up.
We don't have enough road to get up to 88.
Roads? Where we're going,
we don't need roads.
Say, Marty!
Marty! Marty, I wanted to show
you these new matchbooks
for my auto detailing I had printed up.
A flying DeLorean?
What the hell is going on here?
(BOTH SCREAMING)
(HORN BLARING)
- What the hell was that?
- Taxicab.
What do you mean a "taxicab"?
I thought we were flying.
Precisely.
All right, Doc. What's going on, huh?
Where are we? When are we?
We're descending
toward Hill Valley, California,
at 4:29 p.m. on Wednesday,
October 21, 2015.
2015?
You mean we're in the future.
Future. Marty, what do you mean?
How can we be in the future?
Jennifer...
I don't know how to tell you this,
but you're in a time machine.
- JENNIFER: And this is the year 2015?
- October 21, 2015.
God, so, like, you weren't kidding.
Marty, we can actually see our future.
Doc, now, you said we were married, right?
- (HESITATING) Yeah...
- Yeah? Was it a big wedding?
Marty, we're gonna be able
to see our wedding.
- Wow.
- I'm gonna be able to see my wedding dress.
Wow.
God, I wonder where we live.
I bet it's a big house with lots of kids.
- How many kids...
- (DEVICE WHINING)
- Doc! What the hell are you doing?
- Relax, Marty.
It's just a sleep-inducing
alpha rhythm generator.
She was asking too many questions,
and no one should know
too much about their future.
This way when she wakes up,
she'll think it was all a dream.
- Then what did you bring her for?
- I had to do something.
She saw the time machine. I couldn't
just leave her there with that information.
Don't worry. She's not essential to my plan.
Well, you're the doc, Doc.
Here's our exit.
First, you've gotta get out
and change clothes.
Right now? It's pouring rain.
Wait five more seconds.
Right on the tick.
Amazing. Absolutely amazing.
Too bad the post office
isn't as efficient as the weather service.
Excuse the disguise, Marty,
but I was afraid you wouldn't recognize me.
I went to a rejuvenation clinic
and got an all-natural overhaul.
They took out some wrinkles,
did a hair repair, changed the blood,
added a good 30 or 40 years to my life.
They also replaced my spleen and colon.
What do you think?
You look great, Doc.
The future.
Unbelievable.
- I gotta check this out, Doc.
- All in good time, Marty.
We're on a tight schedule here.
Tell me about my future.
I mean, I know I make it big.
But what?
Do I become, like, a rich rock star?
Please, Marty, no one should know too much
about their own destiny.
Right. Right.
- I am rich, though, right?
- Marty, please, take off your shirt.
Put on the jacket and the shoes.
Got a mission to accomplish.
Ah-ha.
Precisely on schedule.
Power laces. All right.
(WATCH ALARM BEEPING)
This thing doesn't fit.
AUTOMATED VOICE: Size-adjusting fit.
Pull out your pants pockets.
All kids in the future
wear their pants inside out.
Put on this cap.
Perfect. You're the spitting image
of your future son.
- What?
- Help me move Jennifer over here.
- So what's the deal?
- Grab her feet.
All right. Okay, now what?
In exactly two minutes,
you go around the corner into the Cafe '80s.
Cafe '80s?
It's one of those nostalgia places,
but not done very well.
Go in and order a Pepsi. Here's a 50.
Then wait for a guy named Griff.
- Right. Griff.
- Right.
Griff's going to ask you about tonight.
Are you in or out?
Tell him you are out.
Whatever he says, whatever happens,
say no, you're not interested.
- Okay.
- Then leave, come back here and wait for me.
Don't talk to anyone, don't touch anything,
don't do anything,
don't interact with anyone
and try not to look at anything.
I don't get it. I thought you said
this had something to do with my kids.
Look what happens to your son.
My son?
God, he looks just like me.
"Within two hours of his arrest,
Martin McFly Jr
"was tried, convicted and sentenced
to 15 years in a state penitentiary."
Within two hours?
The justice system works swiftly
in the future
now that they've abolished all lawyers.
Oh, this is heavy.
It gets worse. Next week, your daughter
attempts to break him out of jail,
and she gets sent up for 20 years.
My daughter. Wait a minute.
I have a daughter?
You see?
This one event starts a chain reaction
that completely destroys your entire family.
(EXCLAIMS)
Hey, Doc, this date...
This is tomorrow's newspaper.
Precisely, I already went further ahead
into time to see what else happens.
I backtracked everything to this one event.
That's why we're here today,
to prevent this incident
from ever happening.
(BEEPING)
Damn! I'm late!
- Wait a minute. Where you going now?
- To intercept the real Marty Jr.
You're taking his place.
Around the corner at the Cafe '80s.
Guy named Griff. Just say no!
Hey, what about Jennifer?
We're not just gonna leave her here.
Don't worry, she'll be safe.
It'll just be for a few minutes.
And, Marty, be careful around
that Griff character.
He's got a few short circuits
in his bionic implants.
MARTY: The future.
AUTOMATED VOICE: Welcome to Texaco.
You can trust your car
to the system with the star.
Checking oil. Checking landing gear.
(JAWS THEME PLAYING)
(SCREAMING)
The shark still looks fake.
- (MUSIC BLARING)
- Hi, friends. Goldie Wilson III
for Wilson Hover Conversion Systems.
You know, when my grandpa
was mayor of Hill Valley,
he had to worry about traffic problems.
But now, you don't have
to worry about traffic.
I'll hover-convert your old road car
into a skyway flyer for only $39,999.95.
So come on down and see me,
Goldie Wilson III,
at any one of our 29 convenient locations.
Remember, keep 'em flying.
('80S POP MUSIC PLAYING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
It's got a hot salsa, avocados,
cilantro mixed with your choice
of beans, chicken, beef or pork.
Waiter. Waiter.
(WHIRRING)
Welcome to the Cafe '80s,
where it's always morning in America,
even in the afternoon.
(LAUGHING)
Our special today is mesquite-grilled sushi.
- You must have the hostage special!
- Cajun style.
- (DISTORTED)
- You must have the hostage special!
You must have the hostage special!
Hey, hey, hey, guys! Hey, hey, guys!
All I want is a Pepsi.
Hey, McFly!
Yeah. I've seen you around.
You're Marty McFly's kid, aren't you?
- Biff?
- You're Marty Jr.
Tough break, kid.
Must be rough being named after
a complete butthead.
What's that supposed to mean?
- Hello? Hello? Anybody home?
- Hey. Hey.
Think, McFly, think!
Your old man? Mr. Loser?
- What?
- That's right.
Loser with a capital "L."
Look, I happen to know
George McFly is no longer a loser.
No, I'm not talking about George McFly.
I'm talking about his kid.
Your old man, Marty McFly Sr.,
the man who took his life
and flushed it completely down the toilet.
I did?
(STUTTERING) I mean... I mean, he did?
Hey, Gramps,
I told you two coats of wax on my car,
not just one!
Hey, hey, I just put the second coat on
last week.
- Yeah? With your eyes closed?
- Are you two related?
Hello? Hello? Anybody home?
What do you think,
Griff just calls me "Grandpa" for his health?
- He's Griff?
- Gramps!
What the hell am I paying you for?
Hey, kid, say hello to your grandma for me.
- Get out here, Gramps.
- OLDEST BIFF: Hey, take it easy!
And, McFly, don't go anywhere! You're next!
BOY: This is a video game.
(MUSIC PLAYING ON VIDEO GAME)
I got it working.
My dad taught me about these.
MARTY: It is Wild Gunman.
How do you play this thing?
I'll show you, kid.
I'm a crack shot at this.
BOY: You mean you have to use your hands?
That's like a baby's toy.
Baby's toy?
Pepsi Perfect.
- Damn!
- Pepsi.
GRIFF: Hey, McFly!
I thought I told you to stay in here!
Griff. Guys, how's it going?
- McFly!
- Yeah?
- What?
Your shoe's unvelked.
(GRIFF LAUGHING)
(LAUGHING SHEEPISHLY)
So, McFly, have you made a decision
about tonight's opportunity?
Yeah, Griff. You know,
I was thinking about it. I'm not sure,
because I just think, you know,
it might be a little bit dangerous, so...
What's wrong, McFly?
(WHIMPERING)
You got no scrote?
(GROANING)
(ALL LAUGHING)
He's a complete wimp.
What's it gonna be, McFly?
Are you in or out?
I just... I'm not sure that I should.
You know, because I think
that I should discuss it with my father.
- Your father?
Wrong answer, McFly! You lose!
(SCREAMING)
Okay, Griff, I'll do it. I'll do it, buddy.
Whatever you say.
Stay down and shut up.
Keep pedaling, you two!
Now, let's hear the right answer.
Well!
Since when did you become
the physical type?
The answer's no, Griff.
- No?
- Yeah. What are you, deaf and stupid?
I said no!
What's wrong, McFly? Chicken?
(SYNTHESIZED CLUCKING)
What did you call me, Griff?
Chicken, McFly!
Nobody calls me
chicken.
(SCREAMING)
- (ELECTRICITY SURGING)
- (GROANING)
('80S POP MUSIC PLAYING)
(DEVICE WHIRRING)
- All right, punk!
- Hey, look!
(ALL GROANING)
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey.
Stop! Little girl, little girl. Stop.
- Hey.
- Look,
I need to borrow your Hoverboard.
- Where is he?
- Here.
There!
He's on a Hoverboard.
- Get the boards!
- GIRL: Get McFly!
(SCREAMING)
Get him!
- Yeah!
- Yeah, we got him!
(TIRES SCREECHING)
There's something
very familiar about all this.
(GRUNTING)
Hey, McFly, you bojo!
- Those boards don't work on water!
- Unless you've got power!
(LAUGHING)
(PANTING)
Hook on!
Batter up!
(SCREAMING)
Holy shit!
(PEOPLE CLAMORING)
Buttheads.
(SIREN WAILING)
(ELECTRONIC BEEPING)
AUTOMATED VOICE: Drying mode on.
Jacket drying.
(CONFIRMATION BEEP)
Your jacket is now dry.
Hey, kid. Hey, little girl, thanks.
Keep it. I got a Pit Bull now.
- Come on. Let's go.
- MAN: Save the clock tower!
Hey, kid. Throw in 100 bucks, will you,
and help save the clock tower.
- Sorry, no.
- Come on, kid.
- That's an important historical landmark!
- Look, some other time.
MAN: Lightning struck that thing
60 years ago.
MARTY: Wait a minute.
Cubs win World Series.
- Against Miami?
- Yeah, it's something, huh?
Who would've thought? 100-1 shot!
I wish I could go back
to the beginning of the season,
- put some money on the Cubs.
- I just meant that Miami...
What did you just say?
I said I wish I could go back
to the beginning of the season.
Put some money on the Cubbies!
Now this has an interesting feature.
It has a dust jacket.
Books used to have these
to protect the covers.
Of course, that was before
they had dust-repellent paper.
Ah.
And if you're interested in dust,
we have a quaint little piece from the 1980s.
It's called a DustBuster.
- I can't lose.
- Marty! Marty! Up here!
(WHISTLES)
- Hey, Doc, what's going on?
- Stand by. I'll park over there.
MARTY: Yeah, all right.
Hey, right on time.
Flying DeLorean.
I haven't seen one of those in 30 years.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Sorry. Excuse me. Sorry.
(HORN HONKING)
Hey, I'm walking here! I'm walking here!
- What the hell?
- Don't drive, trank, low-res scuzzball!
Two of them?
I left him in a suspended animation kennel.
Einstein never knew I was gone!
(SIREN WAILING)
Marty! What in the name
of Sir Isaac H. Newton happened here?
Oh, yeah, Doc, listen, my kid showed up.
All hell broke loose.
Your kid?
Great Scott, the sleep inducer.
I was afraid of this.
Because I used it on Jennifer,
there wasn't enough power left
to knock your son out for a full hour. Damn!
Doc, Doc, Doc, look at this!
It's changing.
(INDISTINCT YELLING)
I was framed!
Yes! Yes, of course!
Because this Hoverboard incident
has now occurred, Griff now goes to jail.
Therefore, your son won't go
with him tonight,
and that robbery will never take place.
Thus, history, future history,
has now been altered, and this is the proof!
Marty, we've succeeded,
not exactly as I planned, but no matter.
Let's go get Jennifer and go home!
- Hi, Einie. Hi, buddy.
- (WHIMPERING)
- What's this?
- It's a souvenir.
"50 years of sports statistics."
Hardly recreational reading material, Marty.
Well, hey, Doc, what's the harm
in bringing back a little info on the future?
You know,
maybe we could place a couple bets.
Marty, I didn't invent the time machine
for financial gain!
The intent here is to gain
a clearer perception of humanity.
Where we've been, where we're going,
the pitfalls and the possibilities,
the perils and the promise.
Perhaps even an answer
to that universal question, "Why?"
Hey, Doc, I'm all for that.
What's wrong with making
a few bucks on the side?
I am going to put this in the trash.
(CHATTERING ON POLICE RADIO)
Great Scott!
McFly, Jennifer Jane Parker,
3793 Oakhurst Street, Hilldale, age 47.
Forty-seven? That's a hell of a good face-lift.
- What the hell are they doing, Doc?
- They used her thumbprint to assess her ID.
Since her thumbprint
never changes over the years,
they simply assume
she's the Jennifer of the future.
Well, we gotta stop them.
What are we gonna say? That we're
time travelers? They'd have us committed.
She's clean. That means we take her home.
Home? To Hilldale?
It'll be dark by the time we get out there.
That's it. They're taking her home
to your future home!
We'll arrive shortly thereafter,
get her out of there and go back to 1985.
You mean I'm gonna see where I live?
I'm gonna see myself as an old man?
No, no, no, Marty. That could result in...
(GASPS) Great Scott!
Jennifer could conceivably encounter
her future self!
The consequences of that
could be disastrous!
- Doc, what do you mean?
- I foresee two possibilities.
One, coming face to face
with herself 30 years older
would put her into shock,
and she'd simply pass out,
or two, the encounter could create
a time paradox,
the results of which could cause
a chain reaction that would unravel
the very fabric of the space-time continuum
and destroy the entire universe!
Granted, that's a worst-case scenario.
The destruction might, in fact,
be very localized,
limited to merely our own galaxy.
Well, that's a relief.
Let's go. I sure hope we find Jennifer
before she finds herself.
The skyway's jammed.
It's gonna take us forever to get there.
And this stays here.
I didn't invent the time machine
to win at gambling.
I invented a time machine
to travel through time!
I know. I know. I know, Doc.
So, Doc Brown invented a time machine.
Hilldale.
Nothing but a breeding ground
for tranks, lobos and zipheads.
Yeah, they ought to tear
this whole place down.
(BEEPS)
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Welcome home, Jennifer.
Whoa!
- You all right?
- Yeah.
You got a little tranked,
but I think you can walk.
Ma'am, you should reprogram.
It's dangerous to enter without lights on.
- JENNIFER: Lights on?
- Yes. Now, look.
Just take it easy and you'll be fine.
And be careful in the future.
The future?
Have a nice day, Mrs. McFly.
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Broadcasting beautiful views 24 hours a day,
you're tuned to the Scenery Channel.
I'm in the future.
I get married in the Chapel O Love?
MARLENE: Mom? Mom, is that you?
I gotta get out of here!
(DOOR BELL RINGING)
Mom!
Mom? Mom, is that you?
(DOOR OPENS)
- Grandma Lorraine!
- Sweetheart!
- Hi!
- What happened to Grandpa?
- Oh, he threw his back out again.
- How's Granddad's little pumpkin?
- How did you do that? How did he do that?
Oh, out on the golf course. (GROANS)
Are your folks home yet?
I brought pizza for everyone.
- Oh, who's going to eat all that?
- Oh, I will.
Damn this traffic!
Jennifer, that is Old Jennifer,
usually gets home around now.
I hope we're not too late.
What is it? What's the matter, Doc?
For a moment, I thought I saw a taxi
in my rear display.
I thought it was following us. Weird.
OLDEST LORRAINE:
I can't believe this window's still broken.
MARLENE: Well, when the scenescreen
repairman called Daddy a chicken,
Daddy threw him out of the house.
Now, we can't get anybody to fix it.
Oh, look how worn out this is.
Your father's biggest problem, Marlene,
is that he loses all self-control
when someone calls him chicken.
How many times have we heard it, George?
- "Mom, I can't let them think I'm chicken."
- "Can't let them think I'm chicken."
You're right. Well, you're right!
OLDEST LORRAINE: About 30 years ago,
your father tried to prove he wasn't chicken,
and he ended up in an automobile accident.
MARLENE: Oh, you mean
with the Rolls-Royce?
Automobile accident.
All right, Einie, let's find Jennifer.
I don't believe it. I live in Hilldale?
This is great! Way to go, McFly.
Marty, stay here. Just change clothes.
If I need you, I'll holler.
Come on, Doc, I wanna check out my house.
We can't risk you running
into your older self. Come on, Einie, let's go.
Where's Jennifer? Where's Jennifer?
Hilldale.
This is bitching.
AUTOMATED VOICE:
One, seven, four point five zero.
- That will be $174.50.
- Here.
I'd be careful, old timer.
This is a rough neighborhood.
- Where's my receipt?
- Right here. Here it is.
PARROT: Hello. Hello. How about a tip?
(PARROT LAUGHING)
That accident caused a chain reaction that
sent Marty's life straight down the tubes.
If not for that accident, your father's life
would have turned out very differently.
The man in the Rolls-Royce
wouldn't have pressed charges,
Marty wouldn't have broken his hand,
and he wouldn't have given up on his music,
and he wouldn't have spent all those years
feeling sorry for himself.
Hey, Mom, nice pants.
I think the real reason
your mother married him was because
- she felt sorry for him.
- "Mom"?
Such a sweet girl.
Art off.
OLDEST LORRAINE:
I think maybe she deserves...
Okay, I want channels 18, 24, 63, 109, 87
and the Weather Channel.
AUTOMATED VOICE: The Weather Channel,
bringing you the world's weather
24 hours a day.
(CHATTERING ON TV)
- Weather conditions remain the same...
- All board-certified implant surgeons...
With a minor warm front...
AUTOMATED VOICE: Welcome home, Marty.
MARTY JR.: Hey, hey, hey. Dad's home.
That's right. He's home. Dad's home.
- AUTOMATED VOICE: Lord of the manor.
- Hello. Hello.
- King of the castle.
- Hello.
What the hell is this?
- (BEEPS)
- AUTOMATED VOICE: Lithium mode on.
Yeah. That's better. Damned kids.
- AUTOMATED VOICE: The best...
- Hey, Son.
Watching a little TV for a change?
(BEEPING)
Son of a...
(ENGINE STARTING)
MARTY JR.: Hey, pizza. I'm hungry.
OLDER MARTY: All right. Just wait your turn.
MARTY JR.: Grandma, when it's ready,
could you just shove it in my mouth?
(LAUGHING HUMOROUSLY)
OLDER MARTY: Don't you be a smartass.
MARTY JR.: Oh, great! The Atrocity Channel.
Hydrate level 4, please.
(GURGLING)
(BELL DINGS)
Mmm.
MARTY JR.: Is it ready?
OLDEST LORRAINE: Here you go.
OLDER MARTY: Oh, boy. Oh, boy.
Mom, you sure can hydrate a pizza.
I'm sorry. I missed that whole thing.
OLDEST LORRAINE: Well, I'm just worried
about Jennifer. Why isn't she home yet?
I'm not sure where Jennifer is, Mom.
She should have been home hours ago.
I'm having a hard time
keeping track of her these days.
Hey, fruit. Fruit, please. Thank you.
She's in one of those moods, I guess.
I don't know.
OLDEST LORRAINE:
Aren't you and Jennifer getting along?
Oh, yeah. Great, Mom. We're more like
a couple of teenagers, you know.
(PHONE RINGING)
Dad, telephone. It's Needles.
Dad, it's for you.
All right. Well, I'll take that in the den.
Excuse me.
Retract.
Hello. I'm in here, please.
Hey, the big M. How's it hanging, McFly?
Hey, Needles.
Needles?
So, did you take look
at that little business proposal of mine?
OLDER MARTY: I don't know, Needles.
NEEDLES: What are you afraid of?
If this thing works,
it'll solve all your financial problems.
And if it doesn't work, Needles,
I could get fired.
It's illegal.
I mean, what if the Jits is monitoring, huh?
- The Jits will never find out.
- Oh, God.
Come on.
Stick your card in the slot, and I'll handle it.
Unless you want everyone in the division
to think you're chicken.
Nobody calls me chicken, Needles.
- Nobody!
- NEEDLES: All right.
Prove it.
All right.
All right, Needles.
(SCOFFS)
Here's my card. Scan it. I'm in.
Thanks, McFly.
I'll see you at the plant tomorrow.
(AUTOMATED VOICE READING)
Chicken.
McFly!
(GREETING IN JAPANESE)
McFly, I was monitoring
that scan you just interfaced.
You are terminated!
Terminated. No! No! It wasn't my fault, sir.
It was Needles.
- Needles was behind the whole thing.
- And you cooperated.
- No, I didn't. It was a sting operation.
- It was illegal.
- I was setting him up.
- And you knew. McFly, read my fax!
No! Please, no. I cannot be fired. I'm fired.
(EXCLAIMS IN DISAPPOINTMENT)
(WHIRRING)
Oh, this is heavy.
What am I going to tell Jennifer?
Jennifer. Jennifer.
Oh, Doc, am I glad to see you.
Go out the front door. I'll meet you there.
But it doesn't open. There's no doorknob.
Press your thumb to the plate.
What plate?
(DOOR OPENS)
Marty, what does this fax mean?
Oh, Mom, it's a joke, an office joke.
Kind of a joke fax.
OLDEST LORRAINE:
Marty, I heard you yelling.
Mom, Mom, Mom, calm down.
I wasn't yelling.
Needles and I were just kind of joking.
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Welcome home, Jennifer.
OLDEST LORRAINE:
Marty, have you lost your job?
Lost my job, Mom? Get out of town.
Look, you know...
(BOTH GASPING)
- I'm young!
- I'm old!
Marty! Marty!
Marty, come quick! Quick!
(GRUNTING)
(GROANING)
She encountered her older self
and went into shock, just as I predicted.
She'll be fine.
Let's get her back to 1985,
and then I'm gonna destroy
the time machine.
Destroy it?
What about that stuff about humanity,
where we're going and why?
The risks are just too great,
as this incident proves.
And I was behaving responsibly.
You can imagine the danger
if the time machine were
to fall into the wrong hands.
(GROANING)
My only regret is that I'll never get a chance
to visit my favorite historical era,
the Old West.
But time traveling is just too dangerous.
Better that I devote myself to studying
the other great mystery of the universe,
women.
Marty, Einie, brace yourselves
for temporal displacement.
(ENGINE HUMMING)
Did we make it?
Are we back?
(SCREAMING)
We're back.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Let's put her in the swing.
Then I'll take you home, and you can
come back in your truck and wake her.
When she awakens here in her own house
and it's dark,
you should be able to convince her
that it was all a dream.
Wait a minute. We're just gonna
leave her here on the porch?
The disorientation will help convince her
that it was all a dream.
How long do you think she's gonna be out?
I'm not quite sure.
She received quite a shock.
Could be for a few minutes.
Most probably, a couple of hours.
You better bring smelling salts
back with you.
You're the doc, Doc.
All right. Come on. Let's go, Einie.
(EINSTEIN WHIMPERING)
Don't worry. She'll be fine.
I don't remember bars
being on these windows.
(DOGS GROWLING)
If you need me, I'll be back at my lab
dismantling this thing.
Right.
What the hell?
- (SCREAMING)
- (GASPS)
Hey. Hey, wait. Wait a minute.
(STUTTERING)
What are you doing in my room?
- Help! Rape! Mom!
- Okay. Okay.
- Dad, help!
- Freeze, sucker!
- He jumped me!
- Hey, it's okay. I don't want any trouble.
- He came through the window!
- You got trouble now, you piece of trash.
What are you doing in here
with my daughter?
- Hey, listen, I'm just in the wrong house.
- You got that right, you little son of a...
- Hey, look, I made a mistake.
- Damn right you made a mistake!
- BOY: Kill him!
- I'm gonna tear your ass up!
That's right. You keep running, sucker!
And you tell that realty company
that I ain't selling! You hear?
We ain't gonna be terrorized!
(DOGS HOWLING)
(SIRENS WAILING)
This has gotta be the wrong year.
(HELICOPTER WHIRRING)
1985?
It can't be.
- (GUN COCKING)
- STRICKLAND: Drop it.
So you're the son of a bitch
who's been stealing my newspapers.
Mr. Strickland.
- Mr. Strickland. It's me, sir. It's Marty.
- Who?
It's Marty McFly. Marty McFly.
Don't you know me, sir? From school, sir.
I've never seen you before in my life,
but you look to me like a slacker.
Yeah, that's right. That's right.
I am a slacker.
Don't you remember?
You gave me detention last week.
Last week?
The school burned down six years ago.
Now, you got exactly three seconds
to get off my porch with your nuts intact.
- One.
- Please, Mr. Strickland,
I just want to know
what the hell's going on here.
- Two.
- (SCREAMING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
- Hey, Strickland!
- BOY: Yeah!
(EXCLAIMING)
Eat lead, slackers!
(SCREAMING)
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
Watch where you're going,
crazy drunk pedestrian.
Red.
MAN: Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to the Biff Tannen Museum.
Dedicated to Hill Valley's number one citizen
and America's greatest living folk hero,
the one and only Biff Tannen.
Of course, we've all heard the legend,
but who is the man?
Inside, you will learn
how Biff Tannen became one of the richest
and most powerful men in America.
Learn the amazing history
of the Tannen family,
starting with his great-grandfather,
Buford "Mad Dog" Tannen,
fastest gun in the West.
See Biff's humble beginnings
and how a trip to the racetrack
on his 21st birthday
made him a millionaire overnight.
(BELL RINGING)
Share in the excitement
of a fabulous winning streak
that earned him the nickname
"The Luckiest Man on Earth."
Learn how Biff parlayed
that lucky winning streak
into the vast empire called Biffco.
Discover how in 1979, Biff successfully
lobbied to legalize gambling
and turned
Hill Valley's dilapidated courthouse
into a beautiful casino hotel.
I just want to say one thing.
God bless America!
MAN: Meet the women who shared
in his passion as he searched for true love,
and relive Biff's happiest moment
as, in 1973, he realized
his life-long romantic dream
by marrying his high school sweetheart,
Lorraine Baines McFly.
- REPORTER: How's it feel, Mr. Tannen?
- Third time's the charm.
No! No!
- Hey, you're coming with us upstairs.
- Let me go.
Look, sonny, we can do this the easy way
or the hard way.
MAN: The easy way.
- Mom? Mom, is that you?
- OLDER LORRAINE: Just relax, Marty.
You've been asleep for almost two hours.
I had a horrible nightmare. It was terrible.
Well, you're safe and sound now,
back on the good old 27th floor.
Twenty-seventh floor!
(GASPS)
(PANTING)
Mom? Mom, that can't be you.
Well, yes, it's me, Marty. Are you all right?
I'm fine. I'm fine. It's just that you're so...
You're so
big.
Oh. Everything's gonna be fine, Marty.
Are you hungry?
I can call room service.
(GASPS)
Room service?
- OLDER BIFF: Lorraine!
- Oh, my God. It's your father.
My father?
You're supposed to be in Switzerland,
you little son of a bitch!
My father!
Did you get kicked out
of another boarding school?
Damn it, Lorraine. Do you know
how much perfectly good dough
I've blown on this no-good kid of yours,
huh? On all three of them?
What the hell do you care? We can afford it.
The least we can do with all that money
is provide a better life for our children.
Hold on one second. Let's get this straight.
Marty is your kid, not mine.
And all the money in the world
wouldn't do jack shit for that lazy bum.
Stop it, Biff. Just stop it.
Look at him.
He's a butthead, just like his old man was.
Don't you dare speak that way about George.
You're not even half the man he was.
(GRUNTS)
- You son of a bitch!
- Hey.
(GROANING)
OLDER BIFF: Always the little hothead, huh?
You wanna take a poke at me?
(MAN LAUGHING)
Damn it, Biff. That's it. I'm leaving.
(LAUGHS MOCKINGLY)
So go ahead. But think about this, Lorraine!
Who's gonna pay for all your clothes, huh?
And your jewelry and your liquor?
Who's gonna pay
for your cosmetic surgery, Lorraine?
You were the one
who wanted me to get these things.
If you want them back, you can have them.
Look, Lorraine. You walk out that door,
and I won't only cut off you.
I'll cut off your kids.
- You wouldn't.
- Wouldn't I?
First your daughter, Linda.
I'll cancel all her credit cards.
She can settle her debts
with the bank all by herself.
Your idiot son, Dave.
I'll get his probation revoked.
And as for Marty.
Well, maybe you'd like to have
all three of your kids behind bars,
just like your brother Joey.
One big, happy, jailbird family.
All right, Biff. You win. I'll stay.
As for you, I'll be back up here in an hour,
so you better not be.
He was right, and I was wrong.
Mom!
Mom, what are you saying?
You're actually defending him.
I had it coming. He's my husband,
and he takes care of all of us,
- and he deserves our respect.
- (YELLING) Respect?
Your husband!
How could he be your husband?
- How could you leave Dad for him?
- Leave Dad?
- Marty, are you feeling all right?
- No. No, I'm not feeling all right!
I don't understand one damn thing
that's going on around here,
and why nobody can give me a simple,
straight answer.
Oh, they must have
hit you over the head hard this time.
Mom, I just want to know one thing.
Where's my father? Where's George McFly?
Marty, George, your father is in the same
place he's been for the past 12 years.
Oak Park Cemetery.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
No.
No! This can't be happening!
"March 15, 1973."
No! Please, God, no!
No, please, God. Please, God, no.
This can't be happening.
This can't be...
I'm afraid it is happening, Marty. All of it.
Doc!
When I learned about your father,
I figured you'd come here.
(WIND HOWLING)
Then you know what happened to him?
Do you know what happened
March 15, 1973?
Yes, Marty. I know.
DOC: I went to the public library
to try to make sense out of all the madness.
The place was boarded up, shut down,
so I broke in
and borrowed some newspapers.
I don't get it, Doc.
I mean, how can all this be happening?
It's like we're in hell or something.
No, it's Hill Valley. Although,
I can't imagine hell being much worse.
(EINSTEIN WHIMPERING)
Oh, Einie. I'm sorry, boy.
The lab is an awful, awful, awful,
awful mess.
Attaboy.
Obviously, the time continuum
has been disrupted,
creating this new temporal event sequence
- resulting in this alternate reality.
- English, Doc.
Here, here, here. Let me illustrate.
Imagine that this line represents time.
Here's the present, 1985,
the future and the past.
Prior to this point in time,
somewhere in the past,
the timeline skewed into this tangent
creating an alternate 1985.
Alternate to you, me and Einstein,
but reality for everyone else.
Recognize this?
It's the bag the sports book came in.
I know, because the receipt was still inside.
I found them in the time machine
along with this.
It's the top of Biff's cane.
I mean, Old Biff from the future.
Correct. It was in the time machine
because Biff was in the time machine
with the sports almanac.
Holy shit.
You see, while we were in the future,
Biff got the sports book,
stole the time machine, went back in time,
and gave the book to himself
at some point in the past.
Look. It says right here
that Biff made his first million
betting on a horse race in 1958.
He wasn't just lucky.
He knew because he had all the race results
in the sports almanac.
That's how he made his entire fortune.
Look at his pocket with a magnifying glass.
The almanac.
Son of a bitch stole my idea.
He must have been listening when I...
It's my fault. The whole thing is my fault.
If I hadn't bought that damn book,
none of this would have ever happened.
- Well, it's all in the past.
- You mean the future?
Whatever. It demonstrates precisely
how time travel can be misused
and why the time machine
must be destroyed
after we straighten all of this out.
Right. So we go back to the future,
and we stop Biff
from stealing the time machine.
We can't, because if we travel
into the future from this point in time,
it will be the future of this reality,
in which Biff is corrupt and powerful
and married to your mother
and in which this has happened to me.
(WHIMPERING)
No. Our only chance to repair the present
is in the past
at the point where the timeline
skewed into this tangent.
In order to put the universe back
as we remember it
and get back to our reality,
we have to find out the exact date
and the specific circumstances
of how, where and when Young Biff
got his hands on that sports almanac.
I'll ask him.
Bulletproof vest! (LAUGHS) Great flick!
Great frigging flick!
The guy is brilliant.
Hey, what the hell's going...
- (GIRLS SCREAMING)
- Hey! What the hell are you doing in here?
Party's over, Biff.
Sorry, ladies.
How did you get past
my security downstairs?
There's a little matter we need to talk about.
- Yeah. Money, right? Well, forget it.
- No. Not money.
Gray's Sports Almanac.
You heard him, girls.
Party's over.
Start talking, kid.
What else you know about that book?
First, you tell me how you got it.
How, where and when.
(SCOFFS)
All right. Take a seat.
Sit down!
November 12, 1955. That was when.
November 12, 1955.
That was the date I went back...
That was the date
of the famous Hill Valley lightning storm.
You know your history. Very good.
I'll never forget that Saturday.
I'd just picked my car up from the shop,
'cause I'd rolled it in a drag race
a few days earlier.
I thought you crashed into a manure truck.
How do you know about that?
- My father told me about it.
- Your father?
Before he died.
Yeah. Right.
So there I was, minding my own business.
This crazy old codger with a cane shows up.
He says he's my distant relative.
I don't see any resemblance.
So he says,
"How would you like to be rich?"
So I said, "Sure."
So he lays this book on me.
He says this book will tell me the outcome
of every sporting event
till the end of the century.
All I have to do is bet on the winner,
and I'll never lose.
So I said, "What's the catch?"
He says, "No catch. Just keep it a secret."
(SIGHS)
After that, he disappeared.
I never saw him again.
Oh, and he told me one more thing.
He said, "Someday a crazy,
wild-eyed scientist,
"or a kid may show up
asking about that book.
"And if that ever happens..."
(CHUCKLES)
Funny. I never thought it would be you.
Yeah, well, Biff, you're forgetting one thing.
What the hell is that?
You're dead, you little son of a bitch!
(ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)
- Hey, there he is!
- Hey, hey!
(THUGS YELLING)
Oh, yeah!
Go ahead, kid. Jump.
A suicide will be nice and neat.
What if I don't?
Lead poisoning.
What about the police, Biff?
They're gonna match up the bullet
with that gun.
Kid, I own the police.
Besides, they couldn't match up
the bullet that killed your old man.
You son of a...
I suppose it's poetic justice.
Two McFlys with the same gun.
Idiot.
(ENGINE WHIRRING)
What the hell?
(GROANS)
Nice shot, Doc!
You're not gonna believe this.
We gotta go back to 1955.
I don't believe it.
MARTY: That's right, Doc. November 12, 1955.
Unbelievable that Old Biff
could've chosen that particular date.
It could mean that that point in time
inherently contains
some sort of cosmic significance,
almost as if it were
the temporal junction point
for the entire space-time continuum.
On the other hand,
it could just be an amazing coincidence.
(BEEPING)
Damn! Got to fix that thing.
All right. Time circuits on.
What do you mean, time circuits on?
- Doc, we're not going back now.
- Yep.
Doc, what about Jennifer?
What about Einstein?
We can't just leave them here.
Don't worry, Marty.
Assuming we succeed in our mission,
this alternate 1985 will be changed
back into the real 1985,
instantaneously transforming
around Jennifer and Einie.
Jennifer and Einie will be fine,
and they will have absolutely no memory
of this horrible place.
Doc.
What if we don't succeed?
We must succeed.
This is heavy, Doc.
I mean, it's like I was just here yesterday.
You were here yesterday, Marty.
You were. Amazing, isn't it?
All right, sunrise should be
in about 22 minutes.
You go into town.
Track down Young Biff and tail him.
Sometime today, Old Biff will show up
to give Young Biff the almanac.
Above all you, must not interfere
with that event.
We must let Old Biff believe he's succeeded,
so that he'll leave 1955
- and bring the DeLorean back to the future.
- Right.
Once Old Biff is gone,
grab the almanac any way that you can.
Remember, both of our futures
depend on this.
You don't have to remind me of that, Doc.
Here's some binoculars and a walkie-talkie
so we can keep in contact.
I'll stay here and try to repair the short
in the time circuit.
That way, we don't risk anyone else
stealing the time machine,
and I won't risk
accidentally running into my other self.
- Other self?
- Yes. There are now two of me here,
and there are two of you here.
The other me is
the Dr. Emmett Brown from 1955,
the younger me that helps the other you
get back to 1985.
Remember the lightning bolt
at the clock tower?
- Yeah.
- That event doesn't happen until tonight,
so you must be very careful
not to run into your other self.
Let me give you some money.
(MARTY WHISTLES)
I have to be prepared
for all monetary possibilities.
- Get yourself some '50s clothes.
- Check, Doc.
Something inconspicuous.
Doc. Come in, Doc. This is Marty. Over.
DOC ON RADIO: Roger, Marty.
This is Doc. Are you there?
Yeah, Doc. I'm at the address.
It's the only Tannen in the book,
but I don't think this is Biff's house.
It looks like some old lady lives here.
- WOMAN: Biff!
- Yeah.
- Where are you going, Biff?
- I'm going to get my car, Grandma.
When are you coming back? My feet hurt,
and I want you to rub my toes some more.
Shut up, you old bag.
KIDS: Give us our ball back.
- What ball?
- That ball!
What ball are you talking about?
KIDS: Give us our ball!
- What ball?
- Biff!
- Is this your ball?
- KIDS: Yeah!
- Is it your ball? You want it back?
- KIDS: Yeah.
Go get it.
(LAUGHING)
Doc, it is Biff's house. I'm on him. Over.
Hey.
Looking good, Terry.
Hey, Biff, she's all fixed up just like new,
but I couldn't get her started.
You got some kind of kill switch
on this thing?
No, you just gotta have the right touch.
Nobody can start this car but me.
- Yeah, the bill comes to $302.57.
- 300 bucks?
300 bucks for a couple of dents?
No, hey, that's bullshit, Terry.
No, Biff, it was horse shit.
- The whole car was full of it.
- (CHUCKLES)
We had to pay Old Man Jones 80 bucks
to haul it away.
BIFF: Old Man Jones probably resold it, too.
- Now I ought to get something for that.
- You want something for it?
We'll go inside. You can call Old Man Jones.
If he wants to give you a refund...
It's 300 bucks, Terry. If I catch the guy
that caused this, I'll break his neck.
The manure. I remember that.
Four cans of Valvoline is fair, Biff.
- Four cans for a $300 job?
- I couldn't even have lunch in the shop.
- Makes me nauseous.
- I should get a case of oil
- out of you for a 300 buck job.
- You've been inside.
It smells worse than the bathroom
at a gas station.
- (GROANS)
- You robbed me again, Terry. Yeah, yeah.
The smell's never gonna go away, Biff.
Never gonna go away.
- Last time I do you a favor. Last time.
- Thanks a lot.
(GIRLS LAUGHING)
Let me see.
(EXCLAIMS)
BABS: It's perfect, Lorraine.
- LORRAINE: Oh, look at it!
- You're going to look so good!
- You're going to look...
- Well, lookey what we have here.
Hey, nice dress, Lorraine.
Although, I think you'd look better
wearing nothing at all.
Biff, why don't you take a long walk
off a short pier?
BIFF: Hey, listen, Lorraine.
There's that dance at school tonight, right.
Now that my car's all fixed,
I figure I'd cut you a break
and give you the honor of going
with the best-looking guy in school.
Yeah, well, I'm busy.
- Yeah, doing what?
- Washing my hair.
That's about as funny
as a screen door on a battleship.
Screen door on a submarine, you dork.
Look, Biff, somebody already asked me
to the dance.
Who? That bug George McFly?
- I'm going with Calvin Klein, okay?
- Calvin Klein? No, it's not okay.
- You're going with me, understand?
- Get your cooties off me!
When are you gonna get it through
your thick skull, Lorraine?
You're my girl.
Biff Tannen, I wouldn't be your girl
even if you had a million dollars!
(GROANS)
Yes, you will! It's you and me, Lorraine.
(HORN HONKING)
Watch it!
It's meant to be.
I'm going to marry you someday, Lorraine.
Someday you'll be my wife!
You always did have a way with women.
Get the hell out of my car, old man.
You want to marry that girl, Biff?
I can help make it happen.
Oh, yeah? Who are you, Miss Lonely-Hearts?
Just get in the car, butthead.
- (STARTS ENGINE)
- Who are you calling butthead, butthead?
How do you know how to do that?
Nobody can start this car but me.
Just get in the car, Tannen.
Today's your lucky day.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Hey! Hey!
Hey, watch where you're driving, old man.
If you dent this car, I'll kill you.
(EXCLAIMING)
- This cost me 300 bucks!
- Would you shut up about the car?
Hey, and another thing.
How do you know where I live?
Let's just say we're related, Biff.
And that being the case,
I got a little present for you.
Something that'll make you rich.
- You want to be rich, don't you?
- Oh, yeah. Sure. Right. That's rich. (LAUGHS)
You're going to make me rich?
You see this book?
This book tells the future.
Tells the results of every major sports event
till the end of the century.
Football, baseball, horse races, boxing.
The information in here is worth millions,
and I'm giving it to you.
Well, that's very nice. Thank you very much.
Now, why don't you make like a tree
and get out of here?
It's leave, you idiot.
Make like a tree and leave.
You sound like a damn fool
when you say it wrong.
All right, then, leave
and take your book with you.
Don't you get it?
You could make a fortune with this book.
Let me show you.
(STATIC)
MAN ON RADIO: UCLA trails 17-16.
It's 4th and 11
with only 18 seconds left of this game.
I'd say it's all over for UCLA.
Bet you a million bucks UCLA wins it 19-17.
What are you, deaf, old man?
He just said it was over. You lost.
Oh, yeah?
- (VOLUME INCREASING)
- Here comes Decker with the kick.
It's up. It looks good, folks!
It looks very good. Field goal!
UCLA wins 19-17.
Listen to that Coliseum crowd go wild.
Jim Decker...
All right, pops. What's the gag?
How did you know
what the score was gonna be?
I told you. It's in this book.
All you gotta do is bet on the winner,
and you'll never lose.
All right. I'll take a look at it.
OLDEST BIFF: You damn fool!
Never, never leave this book laying around.
Don't you have a safe?
No, you don't have a safe.
Get a safe. Keep it locked up.
And until then, keep it on you like this.
- Hey, what are you doing?
- And don't tell anybody about it, either.
And there's one more thing.
One day, a kid or a crazy, wild-eyed old man
who claims to be a scientist
is going to come around asking about this...
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
If that ever happens...
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
I'm trapped. Doc.
Doc, come in, Doc.
- Marty, what's the report?
- Biff's gone.
He's got the book. The old man's gone, too.
I'm locked in Biff's garage.
You gotta fly the DeLorean over here
and get me the hell out of here.
The address is 1809 Mason Street.
I can't take the DeLorean out in the daylight,
but don't worry, Marty.
Somehow I'll get over there.
Doc, wait a minute. Doc. Hey, Doc. Doc.
Perfect.
I told you, Grandma. I'm going to the dance.
- WOMAN: When you coming home?
- The dance.
BIFF: I'll get home when I get home.
Don't forget to turn off the garage light.
(ENGINE STARTING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(BICYCLE BELL RINGING)
Marty. Marty!
Marty.
Marty, Marty. Damn!
Where is that kid?
(MUSIC PLAYING ON CAR STEREO)
Doc. Doc, come in.
Come in, Doc.
Marty! Marty, come in.
- Doc.
- (FEEDBACK)
Marty.
Oh, my...
Great Scott.
Oh, my God.
Doc, Doc, come in.
Marty, what happened to you?
I went to Biff's house, and you weren't there.
You must have just missed me.
I'm in the back of Biff's car.
He's on his way
to the Enchantment Under the Sea dance.
Marty, listen, we may have
to abort this entire plan.
It's getting much too dangerous.
Don't worry.
The book is on Biff's dashboard.
I'll grab it as soon as we get to the school.
Marty, you must be extremely careful
not to run into your other self.
- My other self?
- Yes.
Remember, your mother is
at that exact same dance with you. Yeah.
- Right. This could get heavy, Doc.
- Heavy, heavy.
Marty, whatever happens,
you must not let your other self see you!
- The consequences could be disastrous.
- Excuse me, sir.
(GASPS)
Yes, you with the hat.
- Who, me?
- Yes.
Be a pal and hand me a five-eighths inch
wrench out of that toolbox.
Five-eighths?
Don't you mean three-quarters?
Why, you're right.
I presume you're conducting
some sort of weather experiment.
That's right. How did you know that?
I happen to have had a little experience
in this area.
Yes, well, I'm hoping
to see some lightning tonight.
Although, the weatherman says
there's not gonna be any rain.
There's going to be plenty of rain, all right.
Wind, thunder, lightning.
- It's gonna be one hell of a storm.
- Well, thanks. Nice talking to you.
Maybe we'll bump into each other some time
again in the future.
Or in the past.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING)
Doc, Doc! Come in!
(GIRLS EXCLAIMING)
BIFF: Where's that punk
Calvin Klein, anyway?
BOY: How am I supposed to know, Biff?
I ain't his secretary. (LAUGHING)
Well, go find him.
He caused 300 bucks damage to my car,
and I owe him a knuckle sandwich.
Get going!
- Drink up, Biff.
- Yeah, thanks.
- Ain't you coming?
- I'm reading.
(BOTTLE BREAKING)
Well, well, well, Mr. Tannen.
How nice to see you here.
- Why, Mr. Strickland, it's nice to see you, sir.
- Is that liquor I smell, Tannen?
(STUTTERING) I wouldn't know.
I don't know what liquor smells like,
'cause I'm too young to drink it.
I see.
And what have we here?
Sports statistics, interesting subject.
Homework, Tannen?
No, it ain't homework, 'cause I ain't at home.
(CHUCKLES)
You've got a real attitude problem.
You know that, Tannen? Just watch it.
Because one day, I'll have you
right where I want you in detention.
Slacker!
MARTY: Jesus, you smoke, too?
LORRAINE: Marty, you're beginning
to sound just like my mother.
Yeah, right.
When I have kids,
I'm going to let them do anything they want.
Anything at all.
- Yeah, I'd like to have that in writing.
- Yeah, me, too.
Marty, why are you so nervous?
(DOOR CLOSES)
Yes!
No!
"Oh Là Là?"
(ANXIOUS GASPING)
- Doc! Doc!
- Hey, you.
- Doc, come in!
- DOC: Marty, what's up?
Doc! I'm in trouble. I blew it.
- Where's the book?
- Biff must still have it with him.
- All I got is the damn cover.
- And where's Biff?
- You're asking for it.
- I don't know.
- Don't you have any idea where he is?
- No! I mean, he could be anywhere by now.
Marty, the entire future depends on you
finding Biff and getting that book back!
- I know. I just don't know where...
- LORRAINE: Stop it!
Stop it, Biff. You'll break his arm. Stop it!
Of course!
I gotta go. I got one chance!
My old man is about to deck Biff!
Yes!
Talk about déjà vu.
Are you okay?
Okay, everybody, let's back up now.
Let's back up. Let's everybody just back up
and give him a little bit of room, okay.
A little bit of air.
- It's okay. I know CPR. I know CPR.
- Hey.
- What's CPR?
- You!
- He's fine.
- Hey, did you just take his wallet?
He just took that guy's wallet.
MARTY: Doc, success. I got it.
Thank goodness.
Great, Marty.
As soon as I reload the fusion generator,
I'll meet you on the roof
of the high school gym.
On the roof. 10-4.
- Hey, it's him!
- Hey, he's in disguise.
Guys, what's that?
Come on! Let's get him!
Damn!
♪ MARVIN: (SINGING) Earth angel ♪
♪ Please be mine ♪
♪ My darling dear ♪
♪ Love you for all time ♪
♪ I'm just a fool ♪
♪ A fool in love ♪
♪ with you ♪
(CROWD APPLAUDING)
All right! Let's do another one.
Where did he go? He just came in here!
MARTY: Something that really cooks.
(CROWD CHEERING)
Look! How did he get up on stage?
I don't know, but when he gets down,
we're gonna nail him.
How the hell did
he change his clothes so fast?
MARTY: All right, it's an oldie
where I come from.
All right, guys, listen,
this is a blues riff in B.
Watch me for the changes,
and try and keep up, okay?
(ROCK 'N' ROLL MUSIC PLAYING)
- Doc. Doc, come in!
- Marty, come in.
Listen, Biff's guys chased me into the gym,
and they're going to jump me.
Then get out of there!
No, Doc, not me. The other me. The one
that's up on stage playing Johnny B. Goode.
Great Scott! Your other self will miss
the lightning bolt at the clock tower,
you won't get back to the future,
and we'll have a major paradox!
Wait, wait, wait. A paradox?
You mean one of those things
that can destroy the universe?
Precisely. Marty, you have to stop
those guys at all costs,
but without being seen by your other self
or your parents.
10-4.
What the hell?
- Where is he?
- Who?
- Calvin Klein.
- The guy with the hat, where is he?
- Oh. He went that way.
I think he took your wallet.
I think he took his wallet.
♪ Go, Johnny, go, go, go ♪
♪ Johnny B. Goode ♪
♪ Go, go ♪
♪ Go, Johnny, go, go ♪
♪ Go, Johnny, go, go, go ♪
♪ Johnny B. Goode ♪
(HEAVY METAL RIFFS PLAYING)
(FEEDBACK)
(HIGH-PITCH NOTE PLAYING)
(AMPLIFIERS HUMMING)
(SIGHS)
I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet.
But your kids are going to love it.
Hey, Doc, success. Everything's cool.
DOC: Great. I'll be landing at the school roof
in about one minute.
I'll be there.
Lorraine.
Marty, that was very interesting music.
I hope you don't mind, but George
asked if he could take me home.
Great.
Lorraine, I had a feeling about you two.
I have a feeling, too.
Hey, butthead!
You think that stupid disguise
would get by me?
Let's have it out. You and me, right now.
No, thanks.
What's the matter?
Where are you going?
Are you chicken?
That's it, isn't it?
Nothing but a little chicken.
Nobody calls me chicken.
What the hell?
You steal my stuff?
(GROANING)
And this one's for my car!
(TIRES SCREECHING)
- (THUNDER RUMBLING)
- Doc!
Doc! I blew it.
Biff nailed me. He took the book.
He drove away with it in his car.
It's my fault, Doc.
I should have got out of there sooner.
No time for that now. Which way did he go?
- East towards the River Road Tunnel.
- Get in!
Yes!
There he is, Doc!
- Let's land on him. We'll cripple his car.
- Marty, he's in a '46 Ford. We're a DeLorean.
He'd rip through us like we were tin foil.
- So what do we do?
- I have a plan.
MAN ON RADIO:
Repeating tonight's earlier weather bulletin,
a severe thunderstorm is heading
for Hill Valley.
Serving Hill Valley and all of Hill County,
you're tuned to KKHV,
the voice of Hill Valley.
Turning to community calendar,
the Hill Valley Women's Club bake sale
will be held tomorrow afternoon
from 2:00 to 5:00
at the community center on Forest Road.
For you sports fans out there, there was
a lot of action today in college football.
Here's what happened to the top 10.
UCLA narrowly defeated Washington 19-17.
Michigan State crushed Minnesota 42-14.
Ohio State beat lowa 20-10.
- Michigan blanked Indiana 30-0.
- Shit.
- It was Notre Dame over North Carolina, 27-7.
- Son of a bitch.
Oklahoma ripped Iowa State 52-0.
West Virginia lost to Pittsburgh 26-7.
Texas A&M over Rice 20-10.
Maryland defeated Clemson 25-12,
and it was Texas Christian over Texas 47-20.
Repeating tonight's earlier weather bulletin,
a severe...
You again? Give me that book.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Let it go!
Whoa!
Let go of the car!
(EXCLAIMS)
That'll teach him.
(GROANS)
(HORN HONKING)
(SCREAMING)
(ENGINE REVVING)
(SCREECHING)
Oh!
(LAUGHING)
Go, Doc!
Hold on, Marty!
Shit!
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(LAUGHS)
Yes!
(BIFF GROANING)
(SPITTING)
Manure! I hate manure!
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
Doc, is everything all right? Over.
DOC: 10-4, Marty,
but it's pretty miserable flying weather.
Much too turbulent to make a landing
from this direction.
I'll have to circle around
and make a long approach from the south.
Have you got the book?
In my hand, Doc! I got it in my hand!
Burn it!
Check!
Doc! Doc! That newspaper changed.
Doc, my father's alive!
That means everything's back to normal,
right?
Mission accomplished.
That means Jennifer's okay
and Einie's okay, right?
That's right, Marty. It's the ripple effect.
The future is back, so let's go home.
Right. Let's get our asses back to the...
Doc, Doc, are you okay?
That was a close one, Marty.
I almost bought the farm.
Well, be careful.
You don't want to get struck by lightning.
Doc.
Doc?
Doc, come in, Doc.
Doc, do you read me?
Do you read me, Doc? Come in. Doc.
Oh, no.
He's gone.
The doc's gone.
Mr. McFly!
Huh?
Is your name Marty McFly?
Yeah.
I've got something for you.
A letter.
A letter for me?
That's impossible.
- Who the hell are you?
- Western Union.
Actually, a bunch of us
at the office were kind of hoping
maybe you could shed some light
on the subject.
See, we've had that envelope
in our possession for the past 70 years.
It was given to us
with the explicit instructions
that it be delivered
to a young man with your description
answering to the name of Marty
at this exact location
at this exact minute, November 12, 1955.
We have a little bet going as to whether
this Marty would actually be here.
Looks like I lost. (LAUGHING)
Did you say 70 years?
Yeah, 70 years, 2 months, 12 days
to be exact. Here sign on line 6, please.
Here you are.
It's from the doc!
"Dear Marty, if my calculations are correct,
"you will receive this letter immediately after
you saw the DeLorean struck by lightning.
"First, let me assure you
that I'm alive and well.
"I've been living happily
these past eight months in the year 1885.
"The lightning bolt..." 1885!
"September, 1885."
Wait, wait, kid! Wait a minute.
What's this all about?
He's alive! The doc's alive!
- He's in the Old West, but he's alive.
- Yeah, but, kid, you all right?
Do you need any help?
There's only one man who can help me.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(SIGHS)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(SCREAMING)
(EXCLAIMING)
(LAUGHING)
Doc! Doc! Doc!
- Doc! Doc!
- What?
(SCREAMS)
Okay, relax, Doc. It's me. It's me! It's Marty.
No, it can't be.
I just sent you back to the future.
Yeah. No, I know. You did send me
back to the future, but I'm back.
I'm back from the future.
Great Scott!
Doc! Doc. Doc.
Fantastic.
(HORSE NEIGHING)
Hey, McFly.
Just try it, Tannen!
Come on, runt!
You can dance better than that!
(YELLING)
(HORN BLOWING)
(EXCLAIMING)